==== Employee Management Documentation
== Departments
=== Get requests
.request get department by id
include::{snippets}/getDepartmentById/http-request.adoc[]
.response get department by id
include::{snippets}/getDepartmentById/http-response.adoc[]
.request get all departments
include::{snippets}/getAllDepartments/http-request.adoc[]
.response get all departments
include::{snippets}/getAllDepartments/http-response.adoc[]

==== Create requests
.request add department
include::{snippets}/createDepartment/http-request.adoc[]
.response add department
include::{snippets}/createDepartment/http-response.adoc[]
.bad-request add department
include::{snippets}/createDepartmentBadRequest/http-request.adoc[]
.bad-response add department
include::{snippets}/createDepartmentBadRequest/http-response.adoc[]

=== Update requests
.request update department name
include::{snippets}/updateDepartment/http-request.adoc[]
.response update department name
include::{snippets}/updateDepartment/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete requests
.request delete department
include::{snippets}/deleteDepartment/http-request.adoc[]
.response delete department
include::{snippets}/deleteDepartment/http-response.adoc[]

== Jobs
=== Get requests
.request get job by id
include::{snippets}/getJobById/http-request.adoc[]
.response get job by id
include::{snippets}/getJobById/http-response.adoc[]

.request get all jobs
include::{snippets}/getAllJobs/http-request.adoc[]
.response get all jobs
include::{snippets}/getAllJobs/http-response.adoc[]

=== Create requests
.request add job
include::{snippets}/createJob/http-request.adoc[]
.response add job
include::{snippets}/createJob/http-response.adoc[]
.bad-request add job
include::{snippets}/createJobBadRequest/http-request.adoc[]
.response add job
include::{snippets}/createJobBadRequest/http-response.adoc[]

=== Update requests
.request update job name
include::{snippets}/updateJob/http-request.adoc[]
.response update job name
include::{snippets}/updateJob/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete requests
.request delete job
include::{snippets}/deleteJob/http-request.adoc[]
.response delete job
include::{snippets}/deleteJob/http-response.adoc[]

== Employees
=== Get requests
.request get employee by id
include::{snippets}/getEmployeeById/http-request.adoc[]
.response get employee by id
include::{snippets}/getEmployeeById/http-response.adoc[]

.request get all employees
include::{snippets}/getAllEmployees/http-request.adoc[]
.response get all employees
include::{snippets}/getAllEmployees/http-response.adoc[]

.request get employee dto by id
include::{snippets}/getEmployeeDtoById/http-request.adoc[]
.response get employee dto by id
include::{snippets}/getEmployeeDtoById/http-response.adoc[]

.request get all employees dto
include::{snippets}/getAllEmployeesDto/http-request.adoc[]
.response get all employees dto
include::{snippets}/getAllEmployeesDto/http-response.adoc[]

.request get all employees by department
include::{snippets}/getAllEmployeesByDepartment/http-request.adoc[]
.response get all employees by department
include::{snippets}/getAllEmployeesByDepartment/http-response.adoc[]

.request get all employees by job
include::{snippets}/getAllEmployeesByJob/http-request.adoc[]
.response get all employees by job
include::{snippets}/getAllEmployeesByJob/http-response.adoc[]

=== Create requests
.request add employee
include::{snippets}/createEmployee/http-request.adoc[]
.response add employee
include::{snippets}/createEmployee/http-response.adoc[]
.bad-request add employee
include::{snippets}/createJobBadRequest/http-request.adoc[]
.bad-response add employee
include::{snippets}/createJobBadRequest/http-response.adoc[]

=== Update requests
.request update employee
include::{snippets}/updateEmployee/http-request.adoc[]
.response update employee
include::{snippets}/updateEmployee/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete requests
.request delete employee
include::{snippets}/employeeDelete/http-request.adoc[]
.response delete employee
include::{snippets}/employeeDelete/http-response.adoc[]

